Final Project: Submission and Evaluation

About this assignment
Assignment type
Graded
Time Limit
Unlimited
Estimated Time
30 minutes
Assignment attempts
Unlimited
Passing Grade
70%
 In this final project, you worked on a  Travel Recommendation Web Application. The objectives of this assignment are to:

Ensure you can manage and share a public GitHub repository.
Deploy a functional website using GitHub Pages.
Showcase essential web development components such as a Home, About, and Contact page.
Implement navigation with menu items, a search feature, and interactive buttons.
Demonstrate search functionality by displaying results (e.g., beaches, temples, countries) with images.


Instructions
To complete this assignment successfully, follow these steps:

Complete all the tasks from the Final Project -Travel Recommendation Web Application
 For each task, ensure that you complete the code. Save your work. Take screenshots of the required tasks and save them in the corresponding files. 
Submit the following URLs:
GitHub repository URL (public repository with all your project code).
Live website URL deployed on GitHub Pages.
 Select 'Begin the Assignment' to get started.
Read each question carefully and submit your response by providing: The relevant URL and screenshots from the project.
Once you've answered all the questions, select 'Submit assignment.'
Review the feedback provided to understand your performance and areas for improvement.


Grading Criteria
The Final assignment is worth 20 points and requires 70% of marks to pass:

GitHub repository public URL (1 point)
Website contains a Home page, About Us page, Contact Us page and an introduction for the Home Page(4 points)
About Us page elements (2 points)
Contact Us page email form (1 point)
Navigation bar (6 points)
Beach recommendation with two images (2 points)
Temple recommendation with two images (2 points)
Recommendation based on country with two images (2 points)
Note: You need to provide the public link to your GitHub repository and the GitHub Pages link for your final project so the project can be viewed as a website. Remember to include the URL prefix of "https://" or "http://" with your website URL. Not including these prefixes will cause your website submission to break and you will need to resubmit your assignment. 

